= mogotest -- instant public tunnel to your local web server

== Install 

To get the dependencies if you don't have them, type:

    sudo apt-get install ruby ruby1.8-dev rubygems1.8 libopenssl-ruby

Now you can install mogotest with RubyGems:

    sudo gem install mogotest


== Usage

    mogotest [options] -a <mogotest_api_key> <hostname_to_test> <local_port>
      -k, --key FILE                     upload a public key for authentication

mogotest is a client that will allow the Mogotest cross browser
compatibility testing service to access your Web sites running on a
local Web server.  It obviates the need to deploy your code to a
publicly accessible server or to punch a hole in your firewall.

This is how you make your local port 8080 accessible to Mogotest for testing:

    $ mogotest MY_API_KEY 'www.example.com' 8080
    You're good to go. Any tests you run against 'www.example.com' on Mogotest will now access your local server on port 8080.

Using mogotest is comparable to using SSH reverse/remote port
forwarding on a remote host that has GatewayPorts enabled, but without
all the configuration or the need of a host. The mogotest command
works with a server component that is running on mogotest.com,
which is provided as a free service.

If have never run mogotest before, you'll need to upload a public
key to authenticate. You do this once:

    $ mogotest -k ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub MY_API_KEY 'www.example.com' 8080

After that, you shouldn't have to use -k again.

mogotest can be started before or after the local web server.  It will route all tests against the supplied
test_host to your local Web server for as long as the command is running.  The tunnel is closed if the command exits.

The mogotest tool is a fork of the open source localtunnel project.  The following people have contributed to that
project, but are not otherwise affiliated with, nor necessarily endorse, Mogotest.

== Contributors

    andyl (andy@r210.com) 
    Charles Merriam (charles.merriam@gmail.com) 
    Hunter Gillane (hunter.gillane@gmail.com) 
    Michael Sofaer (msofaer@pivotallabs.com) 
    Jeff Lindsay (progrium@gmail.com)

== License

MIT
